That's all I got so far.
Actually, that wasn't a bad review except for the headline.
I missed that.
The headline was the great horny editor.
And then somebody said, well, at 75, Bradley, you'd better be horny than great.
That must mean they didn't get beyond chapter four or five.
That's John Corey.
You know him?
He's a big arch-conservative.
Arch-conservative and a great son of disciple of AIDS.
It seems to me that you don't have a thin skin, though.
I mean, I think there's so many options over the years that after all these years...
No, you're a Bostonian.
I was a Bostonian.
How do you... God, this city is fantastic now.
You just drive down Commonwealth Avenue, you drive down Boston Street.
It's really a wonderful city to live in.
Fantastic.
You live in the city?
No, I don't.
How's your new house?
Oh, it's wonderful.
You love it?
Oh, it's terrific.
It's a real... They live out near Walden Pond.
Oh.
And beautiful view is overlooking the Sudbury River.
That's a challenge.
Did you just have a menu?
No, I don't want a menu.
I don't know.
You want another something?
No.
Dessert?
No, thank you.
No.
No, don't you take the check.
Let me... No, no, no, no.
I mean, you're a free dancer, you don't need.
Then I'll split it up.
Okay, what's your travel schedule?
Well, I've got... I go to... I'm here until tomorrow morning.
I'm doing something for... MIT tonight.
MIT tonight.
Doing something for Washington Post advertisers tomorrow morning.
I like to do that.
Yeah, right.
And then, I don't know, I've got the David Budnoy.
David Budnoy?
I bought Budnoy the 9th.
And then I've got Letterman on the 5th.
Oh, that's good.
You've got Budnoy after MIT?
Yeah.
MIT could be a little tougher than that.
Who's the audience?
I guess MIT students, huh?
Yeah, but some Waterstones or something to do with it.
We had a big head in the globe yesterday.
Wasn't it at MIT?
You can't see without that.
I know.
I lost the other one.
Shit.
It's a book signing move.
Yeah, Waterstones burned down, and this was supposed to be a Waterstones, so they moved it over to MIT.
It's not necessarily an MIT thing.
But I bet a lot of MIT can't.
Oh, I'm sure it'll be loaded.
Yeah, I'm sure it'll be loaded.
It could be a little tougher than that.
Yeah, but I think he's perfect for up here.
You know, you and I, without any looking, we're inching towards legend status.
Nobody wants a bite out of our ass anymore.
You know, why they don't hit us up?
I interviewed your wife twice in her two novels.
Oh, did you?
And I wrote two stories.
Is she writing more fiction now?
No, she's writing a nonfiction book, but she's way behind because she's writing about experiences in her life that had...
that were important in the growth of her consciousness of being a woman.
She has a couple of fantastic things.
I haven't read all of them yet.
We show each other the beginnings and ends.
We don't... In the middle?
In the middle because, you know, you have to get lost in the middle.
Because she's such a wonderful writer.
Did she edit this at all?
No, she came in at the end of it.
I didn't.
I showed her the beginning of it.
And my youth, which she knew nothing about.
And then I showed her at the end of the book.
That was kind of a, did you have any second thoughts?
I know I did an interview with Ilya Kazan, you know, Ilya Kazan, about his autobiography, which is like 700 pages, and he said, the thing about writing like yourself is the real truth for you is that you have to strip yourself bare and stand naked before the world.
And I think that you've done a lot of that yourself in this particular.
I mean, you really are.
Perhaps...
a little bit too too confessional do you think well some people said something i don't know if it seems to me i decided i would write things that were mocking experiences and i didn't do it gratuitously or to titillate things that changed my life and one of the things
that, uh, I didn't know fuck all about was sex.
And, uh, so I, uh, don't... Don't worry about it.
Uh, so I wrote... I wrote very briefly.
Really comparatively briefly.
A lot of the experiences that people say are too much were one paragraph, one line.
It seemed to me that it was important in my progression.
Thank you.
It's not easy to write about yourself if you come from Boston, I'll tell you that.
It's a good quote, too, isn't it?
I can see that one in time.
You can't write about money, you can't write about sex, you can't write about your family.
And you set off to write about a... If you are living out and you're trimming the edges and riding the tractor, does this agree with you, this kind of a... Oh, yeah.
Love it.
I totally can't.
I've got plenty of stuff.
I hope it's not a big tractor.
It is.
I'm glad it's Flatland.
It's Flatland.
Yeah.
It's a giant.
It doesn't mean anything to me.
It's pretty big.
It's also pretty old, isn't it?
I'll go one quick question.
You mentioned you were about the Kennedy chair at the... And you said it hasn't been filled yet.
Is that a political deal?
Don't get me started on that.
I had this...
that I could repay two very important influences in my life.
One was Kennedy and the other was the Post, which gave me a lot of dough, which gave me access to a lot of dough.
So I thought, how do you do that in one swoop?
Do a chair at the Kennedy School in Journalism and Public Policy.
And so it took me some years to do it.
I couldn't give it a more dough.
And they've had the money for
Eight years?
That's ridiculous.
At least eight years.
Now, do you have veto power?
Do you have veto power?
No, you don't.
No way.
In fact, if you were suggesting that person is dead, they offered it to one person.
My phone was just dreadful.
It would have taken all the joy out of it for me.
And it was a she, and she turned it down.
And it was a she, but she's already gone.
She's the head of a college department.
And you know goddamn well what...
caused them to offer it to her.
I tried to get Kay to do it.
Maybe she'll do it out.
She gave a good bundle of money to holler.
To the Kennedy School?
No, no.
She loves the Kennedy School, as you know.
She gave a bundle to the Kennedy School.
Unattached.
On the what?
Unrestricted.
So, I said, you hate the Kennedy School.
I said, really, the people you used to get to buy into is the Neiman.
The Neiman, I thought that.
Because college is a high-pring student.
I don't know.
I got a note from Cal who spent a year in Washington.
saying that he's heard that they picked something but it's got to go to the uh faculty committee and i had no idea who it is that pisses me off i don't like it it should actually yeah and then uh you know by god come time to announce that they'll want my ass up there you saw that thing down at yale where the guy gave oh yeah yeah x millions of dollars for western
I think he wanted to approve the list of candidates and they said, no way.
I like the idea of the curriculum, though.
I mean, there was a lot of multicultural criticism of his... Well, they'll let you determine the purpose.
That's right.
There was criticism.
A lot of people said that they didn't want to study Western.
Look at the relationship between the press and the public policy.
That should be pretty easy.
Pretty big barn, isn't it?
You can drive a lot of tractors into that.
Did anyone have as good a time in the newspaper business as you and Wayne Chappelle?
And I don't know the answer to that.
Thanks very much.
You know, people keep asking me whether I wish you were back by Disney.
I keep saying, I think I would if I hadn't had such a good run, if I hadn't enjoyed it.
I would regret it.
You know, you and I were the bright people for the 60s, 70s, 80s.
We're not the right people for the 90s.
I don't think we're smart enough.
Just my name, that's all.
North Grafton.
Yeah, it's right next to Worcester, actually.
It's where the top vet school is.
North Grafton.
Right next to the vet school.
I have got the vet school, basically, yeah.
It's nice.
How did you settle there?
I came out of the Navy in 71.
Hello.
Wow.
I'll walk you that way now.
Okay, buddy.